README.md, before:

<header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# GitHub Pages

_Create a site or blog from your GitHub repositories with GitHub Pages._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Merge your pull request

_Nice work, friend :heart:! People will be reading your blog in no time!_

You can now [merge](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-glossary#merge) your pull request!

### :keyboard: Activity: Merge your changes

1. Merge your changes from `my-pages` into `main`. If you created the pull request in step 2, just open that PR and click on **Merge pull request**. If you did not create the pull request earlier, you can do it now by following the instructions in [step 2](/.github/steps/2-configure-your-site.md).
1. (optional) Delete the branch `my-pages`.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/github-pages) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>

Commit message:

Pull (#4)
* Update to 4 in STEP and README.md

* Update to 5 in STEP and README.md

* Update to X in STEP and README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# GitHub Pages

_Create a site or blog from your GitHub repositories with GitHub Pages._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Finish >>>
  Review what we learned, ask for feedback, provide next steps.
-->

## Finish

_Congratulations friend, you've completed this course!_

<img src=https://octodex.github.com/images/constructocat2.jpg alt=celebrate width=300 align=right>

Your blog is now live and has been deployed!

Here's a recap of all the tasks you've accomplished in your repository:

- You enabled GitHub Pages.
- You selected a theme using the config file.
- You learned about proper directory format and file naming conventions in Jekyll.
- You created your first blog post with Jekyll!

### What's next?

- Keep working on your GitHub Pages site... we love seeing what you come up with!
- We'd love to hear what you thought of this course [in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/github-pages).
- [Take another GitHub Skills course](https://github.com/skills).
- [Read the GitHub Getting Started docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started).
- To find projects to contribute to, check out [GitHub Explore](https://github.com/explore).

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/github-pages) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>
